i already discussed the role of consciousness in the universe, but idt i said this that concsiousness is that border or edge that seperates 
the super deterministic obvious big universe with the uncertain everything happening events, anything that has got to interact with the 
consciousness gets deterministic and certain, so basically the size of the particle was never a thing for quantum physics to be applicable, 
it was consciousness, size is relative, what you call small cannot really be small for your midget friend just because the atomic sizes are 
too small for us, they shouldn't be a reason for science to behave differently for them. just because we can't percieve it, can't be like that. 
I repeat atoms are small for you, not for the universe, you cannot decide the scale for the universe stfu, you can rather what you can rather 
decide is what/which part of the universe to be certain. The sub-stomic or atomic particles that we have decided will follow quantum physics 
follows quantum physics only until a concsious interaction. there it is, the particle has been uncertain all the until there was an interaction, 
and because the sub-atomic particles are too small to make any observable difference to the human/concious world, it continues to stay in 
it's state of uncertainity, similarly the universe we have not yet discovered all massive and big and giganormous is uncertain! everything is 
happening, all physics rules are applied to that part of the universe, everything is happening there, that is how it is, wait but does that 
mean the universe is basically expanding for us? i dont really mean the expansion but, ywim, strange, well not really consiousness it is. 
okay back to the 3rd or 4th line, before a conscious interaction the world is everything and everything is happening and after an interaction 
or acknowledgement it is certain and begins to follow relativity, the physics for the big(not really). But now again how long will any object 
be in the certain state? what if the acknowledgement dies? i mean the person who observed a certain thing dies? is that going to be the end 
of that certain event? will the system enter it's state of randomness again? why should it? why should it not? the cause beings end makes 
sense but at what cost? if person has discovered anything very far from earth say another star that is too far to be seen from earth but that
person somehow saw it and did nothing about it, he did not talk to his friends about it or write anything about it or did nothing, so the sole
reason to keep the star in the certain state is his acknowledgement, the mere fact that he knows that a star exists, but what happens if the person
dies or his consciousness ends? or the only reason or purpose for "the star"'s part of the universe to act certainly doesn't exists? would the
certain system collapse back into it's uncertain/random states? because would it not? how does the world work? is it naturally certain? or naturally
sequential? like what would force the system to collapse? is it the default behavior or nothing? crazy and tf is sleep even, and coma so weird like
the main reason for multiverse is tired and wants break? and stops doing it's job? of observing/interacting to suddenly stop all the infinite branching
so again when you are sleeping and nobody is noticing you or what you are doing in your sleep what are you even doing? i mean i think i should leave that
for later but damn who knows what you are doing in sleep? like idk how to tell this but kjdbckdjfdbc it might sound so stupid and naive to read me talking
about sleep if you didn't understand the physics of consciousness and my mind is bursting i need sleep and no wtaf, i am terrified i cant explain
why do you do somethings and not remember them like they never happenened? if only acknowledgement is the measure why does that thing even exists beyond that
this is enough for tonight maybe, i will prolly think about sleep/coma or dementia next night or idk what might trigger what idk i cant even think of what
to write i will hopefully find some article or yt video about this. goodbye good night.