I just finished watching spiderman INTO the multiverse and the story was sweet and all but only if you watch it without common sense like the fact that 
the matter was disintegrating when the "black hole" was turned on was constantly pissing me off, i tried to ignore it and enjoy the movie and i sort of 
did but stupid writer, so thing is what will really happen if there was a lil crunch fabric/space of higher dimensions? like what is going to happen? the
matter will defintely not only break and float around and everything wot be colorful and scenic anol but what? if there is a crunch in the space, a short 
period of time might just pass by without nobody noticing it, for multiple dimensions, like a small part of the universe might just skip some amount if time 
and there probably wont be any after affects of it on the universe because the crunch is not specific to time, i mean just like for the dimensions it is limited 
to certain limit, it will also be the same for time which means it will only last for a certain period and everything after that shoould go back to normal 
because crunch, but consciousness being one of the dimensions how that crunch going to impact on minds? like for everything to normally continue the same way 
the mind should also have the normal state when out of the limits of the crunch ykwim like idk how to tell but i am high already wtaf, so is fake memory going 
to be created to nuetralise the states? also what is matter for higher dimensions? and what is the Matter for lower dimensions? the matter of lower dimensions 
is it colors of 0th dimension? probably yes, not the color color i mean i mean i mean yess or no idk how to say it dfsgwhdbv but no what is the material  for 
other dimensions? for the 5th dimension ik its soul and its so fucking cool i am terrified, i think this can go another note "SOUL THE MATERIAL OF THE FIFTH 
DIMENSION" yes back to it to hell w infinity power infinity in universe is it? no wait i think i think it kind of makes a little bit sense no wait so if there is 
finite amount of matter in this universe there is also finite amount of concsciosness for thus multiverse, makes sense, but hmm something hereis not fitting 
so umm llfffffffeeeeee ier if there is no matter there still is space, but if there is no consiousness there is no possiblities for anything at all, so how does 
it go possibilities as an outcome of consciousness or consciousness for infinite possibilities to exist? are we creating the world or we only exist for the world 
to be the way it is? that for another night but now infinity power infinity, ykw i wanted to start from the 0th dimension but i wont bcs the attributes or the "matter" 
for 0th dimension is another thing that can fw my head and my brain is already high enough and infinity power infinity, is it infinity power infinity or? x times infinity
wow thisis really really fucking w me rn wtaf, lets not think of the consciousness for a while, in 0th dimension, the only way of representing anything is by 
no i need to calm down first too many things happening ykw i am going to talk about infinity later, matter is something that not physical matter i am generalizing 
matter to all dimensions, so matter is something that has a role of the higher the dimensions too, like, all the dimensions build the matter, yes. this is matter 
very proud i really hope nobody has thought about this, feels like i have done 100 pushups mentally wow wow i will keep typing bcs omfg i need to blow this off 
wow no wait i did think about this before and also used this concept before, when trying to explain the attributes of a particle, to describe any particle in the 
superior universe, you will need the physical state of the particle, the timezone of the particle, the possibility wave of the particle(existence), the physics it
the math but symmetry?  would you need the symmetry? hmmmm symmetry is not a dimension henceforth, SYMMETRY BELONGS TO MATHEMATICS, and i ahve great things 
to talk about symmetry too that for later, no its just wonderful that the new definition of matter that i just came up rn is fitting right w the rest of my theories 
so, umm can i like explain this to brian greene or somebody but he is a string theory fanatic and i hate that or maybe i am not just good enough to be there yet okay no
matter is something that has all the dimensions, so umm what is energy? and what is light, so for newbies, speed of light is basically the speed of energy, bcs the base 
of any kind of energy is radiation so light=energy=matter and matter, which has equal roles of the dimensions, when converted to nothing, nothing as in an actor 
it takes this ultimate speed beyond which the other dimensions can be umm can be interrupted, makes sense? okay so by actors i mean anything that exists 
except that has a meaning with respect to the dimensions, like heat, heat has no meaning wrt space, time, mind(?), physics(?) and math(?) as long as a particle 
ie the true matter carries it? or gets affected by it? you get it? so these are lets call them actors bcs i suck at naming things we call them actors or medium 
medium is a better word i think but that will be a bit confusing so actors better, i will sleep goodbye