energy and matter, E = mcc, everything in this universe belongs to either energy or matter, real true form of energy is radiation bcs it is not associated w any form of matter,
kinetic energy, potential energy are more like states obtained by matter, they are also a transformation of energy, and there cannot be kinetic or potential energy without matter 
although there can be radiation without matter, to the core, there is only matter and energy and both transforming into each other under certain circumstances, and so now that we
know that radiation is the true energy for the universe the property of speed of light, can give so many things, I will try to think about this later i need to work on my project good bye
llet classsify everything in this universe into matter and actors, matter is anything that simple exists you your hands feet an electron anything and actor is the reason to bring about any 
change in the matter, right? but well the actor for 4d world is energy wrt time hmmmm no wtf tf is an actor even so dumb broooooooooo wtffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff no it's insane 
holyfuccccccc what is energy? something that brings about change in the state of the matter? correct? i have this amazing idea in my head i cant jump into it directly bcs even my head is fucked 
but okay so the law of conversion of energy idr the name basically means the no nvm okay so there is something really about energy, for restricting the no is'nt it like a rule for the umm 
hmmmmmmmmm is physics really a dimension? no so energy is like a contraint for how the 4d system of objects should exist correct? physics hmm, physics for the way 4d object look 
or physics for all possibilities? no actually i never really believed for physics to be another dimension it is more like a cloud than a dimension, like in the 5d space, a coontinous cloud of 
possibilities, all the multiverses w similar physics rules are close by, but now no, the idea is contrasting here for a quantum physics believer the physics, conciousness and maths lie 
in the same damned dimension but for einstein it will be different dimensions, so this is bcs as i told in the prev note, any matter can be described by the 8 dimensions, but according to 
quantum physics, there are? what? there are no dimensions at all? no what? no first of all, anything has no meaning or existence if no im coming back to this some other time